{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Introduction to Statistics\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Campus Academic Resources & Policies\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The following reflects the approved campus-wide academic policies of Syracuse University. For more information and detail, please consult the full documentation of University policies {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://policies.syr.edu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
here
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u9888 ?\u65039 ? Academic Drop Deadline\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As part of our efforts to track satisfactory academic progress, the Academic Drop Deadline and the Financial Drop deadline will both occur on September 15, 2025, for the fall semester and February 2, 2026, for the spring semester. Students may still withdraw from courses after these deadlines; this would place a \u8216'WD\u8217' grade on their transcripts. Students enrolled in \u8220"flex\u8221" classes (Flexibly formatted classes) have different deadlines and will need to check MySlice for the Academic and Financial Drop deadlines that pertains to their class.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55357 ?\u56534 ? Academic Integrity\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As a pre-eminent and inclusive student-focused research institution, Syracuse University considers academic integrity at the forefront of learning, serving as a core value and guiding pillar of education. Syracuse University\u8217's Academic Integrity Policy provides students with the necessary guidelines to complete academic work with integrity throughout their studies. Students are required to uphold both course-specific and university-wide academic integrity expectations such as crediting your sources, doing your own work, communicating honestly, and supporting academic integrity. The full {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://policies.syr.edu/policies/academic-rules-student-responsibilities-and-services/academic-integrity-policy/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Syracuse University Academic Integrity Policy
}}}
 can be viewed by visiting the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://policies.syr.edu/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Syracuse University Policies
}}}
 website.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Upholding Academic Integrity includes the protection of faculty\u8217's intellectual property. Students should not upload, distribute, or share instructors\u8217' course materials, including presentations, assignments, exams, or other evaluative materials without permission. Using websites that charge fees or require uploading of course material (e.g., Chegg, Course Hero) to obtain exam solutions or assignments completed by others, which are then presented as your own violates academic integrity expectations in this course and may be classified as a Level 3 violation. All academic integrity expectations that apply to in-person assignments, quizzes, and exams also apply online.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Students found in violation of the policy are subject to grade sanctions determined by the course instructor and non-grade sanctions determined by the School or College where the course is offered. Students may not drop or withdraw from courses in which they face a suspected violation. Any established violation in this course may result in course failure regardless of violation level.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55358 ?\u56598 ? Artificial Intelligence\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Based on the specific learning outcomes and assignments in this course, artificial intelligence is permitted on the following: all weekly assignments. Artificial intelligence is {\i not} permitted in tests and practicums. See each assignment, quiz, or exam instructions for more information about what artificial intelligence tools are permitted and to what extent, as well as citation requirements. If no instructions are provided for a specific assignment, then no use of any artificial intelligence tool is permitted. Any AI use beyond that which is detailed in course assignments is explicitly prohibited except when documented permission is granted.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Please also see Syracuse University\u8217's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://its.syr.edu/artificialintelligence/aiguidelines/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
general campus AI policies here
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55357 ?\u56507 ? Academic Integrity Online\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 All academic integrity expectations that apply to in-person quizzes and exams also apply to online quizzes and exams. In this course, all work submitted for quizzes and exams must be yours alone. Discussing quiz or exam questions with anyone during the quiz or exam period violates academic integrity expectations for this course.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Using websites that charge fees or require uploading of course material (e.g., Chegg, Course Hero) to obtain exam solutions or assignments completed by others and present the work as your own violates academic integrity expectations in this course and may be classified as a Level 3 violation, resulting in suspension or expulsion from Syracuse University.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55357 ?\u56420 ? Attendance Policy\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Attendance in classes is expected in all courses at Syracuse University. It is a federal requirement that faculty promptly notify the university of students who do not attend or cease to attend any class. Faculty will use Early-Semester Progress Reports and Mid-Semester Progress Reports in Orange SUccess to alert the Registrar and Financial Aid Office on non-attendance. For more information visit:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://registrar.syr.edu/faculty-staff/non-attendance/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Faculty: Information for Faculty: Non-attendance or Stopped Attending
}}}
 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://registrar.syr.edu/students/non-attendance/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Students: Information for Students: Non-attendance or Stopped Attending
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If a student is unable to participate in-person or virtually for an extended period of time (48 hours or more), the student may request an absence notification from their home school/college Dean\u8217's Office or through Student Outreach and Support office. Instructors will be notified via the \u8220"Absence Notification\u8221" flag in Orange SUccess.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Barnes Center at the Arch (Health, Counseling, etc.) staff will not provide medical excuse notes for students. When Barnes Center staff determine it is medically necessary to remove a student from classes, they will coordinate with Student Outreach and Support case management staff to provide appropriate notification to faculty through Orange Success. For absences lasting less than 48 hours, students are encouraged to discuss academic arrangements directly with their faculty.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Additional information may be found at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://experience.syracuse.edu/student-outreach/student-support/absence-notifications/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Student Outreach and Support: Absence Notifications
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55357 ?\u56764 ? Blackboard\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This class will use the Blackboard Learning Management to house the syllabus, course content, links to external course materials, assignments, quizzes, exams, feedback, and grades. Due dates and times in Blackboard are stored in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) and displayed for each user based on the time zone setting of their computer and data from their internet browser. The system will always display the time zone being used. If an instructor sets a due date of 11pm Eastern time, a student in the Pacific time zone will see a due date of 8pm.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Information about Blackboard is available on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://su-jsm.atlassian.net/wiki/x/zcUzCQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Answers Blackboard
}}}
; alternatively, you can contact Information Technology Services by sending an email to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:help@syr.edu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
help@syr.edu
}}}
, calling 315.443.2677, or in-person at the ITS Service Center, located at 1-227 CST in the Life Sciences Complex. Business hours for the Service Center can be found on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://its.syr.edu/its_service_center"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ITS website
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55357 ?\u57003 ? Discrimination and Harassment\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The University does not discriminate and prohibits harassment or discrimination related to any protected category including creed, ethnicity, citizenship, sexual orientation, national origin, sex, gender, pregnancy, reproductive health decisions, disability, marital status, political or social affiliation, age, race, color, veteran status, military status, religion, sexual orientation, domestic violence status, genetic information, gender identity, gender expression or perceived gender.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Any complaint of discrimination or harassment related to any of these protected bases should be reported to Sheila Johnson-Willis, the University\u8217's Chief Equal Opportunity & Title IX Officer for Faculty and Staff. She is responsible for coordinating compliance efforts under the various laws including Titles VI, VII, IX and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act. She can be contacted at Equal Opportunity, Inclusion, and Resolution Services, 621 Skytop Road, Suite 1001, Syracuse University, Syracuse, NY 13244-1120; or by email: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:equalopp@syr.edu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
equalopp@syr.edu
}}}
; or by telephone: 315-443-4018.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55356 ?\u57101 ? Diversity\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 It is the intent of this course for students from all diverse backgrounds and perspectives to be well served by this course, that students\u8217' learning needs be addressed both in and out of class, and that the diversity that students bring to this class be viewed as a resource, strength, and benefit. It is also critical to present materials and activities that are respectful of diversity: gender, sexuality, disability, age, socioeconomic status, ethnicity, race, and culture. Your suggestions are encouraged and appreciated. Please let your instructor know ways to improve the effectiveness of the course for you personally or for other students or student groups.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55358 ?\u56605 ? Inclusion\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Syracuse University values diversity and inclusion; we are committed to a climate of mutual respect and full participation. There may be aspects of the instruction or design of this course that result in barriers to your inclusion and full participation in this course. I invite any student to contact me to discuss strategies and/or accommodations (academic adjustments) that may be essential to your success and to collaborate with the {\b Center for Disability Resources (CDR)} in this process.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If you would like to discuss disability accommodations or register with CDR, please visit the Center for Disability Resources. Call (315) 443-4498 or email {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:disabilityresources@syr.edu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
disabilityresources@syr.edu
}}}
 for more information.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The CDR is responsible for coordinating disability-related academic accommodations and will work with the student to develop an access plan. Since academic accommodations may require early planning and generally are not provided retroactively, please contact CDR as soon as possible.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55356 ?\u57104 ? Faith and Religious Accommodations\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://policies.syr.edu/policies/university-governance-ethics-integrity-and-legal-compliance/religious-observances-policy/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Syracuse University\u8217's Religious Observances Policy
}}}
 recognizes the diversity of faiths represented in the campus community and protects the rights of students, faculty, and staff to observe religious holy days according to their traditions. Under the policy, students are given an opportunity to make up any examination, study, or work requirements that may be missed due to a religious observance, provided they notify their instructors no later than the academic drop deadline. For observances occurring before the drop deadline, notification is required at least two academic days in advance. Students may enter their observances in MySlice under Student Services/Enrollment/My Religious Observances/Add a Notification.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 \u55358 ?\u56954 ? Health and Wellness\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Well-being and mental health are significant predictors of academic success. It is critical to take care of yourself physically and emotionally and to effectively navigate stress, anxiety, and depression. Please familiarize yourself with the range of resources the Barnes Center provides {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ese.syr.edu/bewell/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://ese.syr.edu/bewell/
}}}
 and seek out support for mental health concerns as needed. Counseling services are available 24/7, 365 days, at 315-443-8000.\par}
}
